hey everybody we're at Ravenel 4 today
looking at a 2000 Ford Focus let's take
a look at this one definitely gold in
color if you're in the market for a
focus and an extremely good prices can
be just a 140 let me tell you the
mileage on this focus is 138 thousand
579 that's not bad for a two thousand
year model vehicle automatic
transmission four-cylinder so you know
it's fuel economy is good on this $3,700
Wow also no dealer admin fees or dock
fees on this vehicle so that's something
to think about no admin fees no dock
fees thirty-seven hundred plus sales tax
and whatever it cost you to get an
actual tag on the vehicle transferring
or getting a new one now it does have
alloy wheels on it brand spanking new
tires so we're gonna take care of you
with that seems like we do that on all
vehicles a lot of times you got nice
tires on all these vehicles out here
also rear spoiler on the back get a
little sporty ER look with the focus
body's in pretty darn good shape not bad
at all
as you can see no major dents dings or
scratches on the side of the body it is
a red dot vehicle because of the year of
the vehicle and being older like that a
little bit higher mileage we're selling
the vehicle as is instead a Seminole
auction we pass the savings on to you
does have roll-up windows that's less
things to break ten years down the road
like this one right here you don't have
to worry about fixing the windows owner
cloth interior pretty clean on the
inside automatic transmission how about
that it's even got a tape deck on the
inside now you may want to add a CD
player if you want later down the road
but let me tell you for the money for
thirty seven hundred bucks it's a pretty
darn good car come on down to test drive
it with us a Ravenel Ford we'd love to
meet you we have plenty of vehicles long
ground to pick from we'll see you soon